# AISite
This is a website I generated entirely using the AI 'ChatGPT'. This looks like an incredibly powerful tool that in future could be used to bring in a new era of declarative programming. The input that I put in was as follows:

"Create an HTML file, that is titled AI website. This website should have full bootstrap and JavaScript capability. In the body, introduce yourself as an AI, and explain how you generated this website by yourself. Then specify that despite this, the person who asked you to create this site (Alex) would like everyone to know that he is confident in his ability to program and can do it without help from an AI. Below this, place a JavaScript button that takes you to the website https://alex-northam.github.io/site/ and specify that by clicking this button you can hear more about what he has actually done himself. This should all be written from you, the AI's, perspective. You are allowed to make a few jokes about my programming ability if you so wish. Text should be centered, and spaced so that it is readable. The default theme should be a black background color and white text, however there should be a button that, using JavaScript, can toggle between this and a white background color with black text, and this button should be labelled accordingly. Take it slowly if you need to in order to ensure you don't crash before finishing running".

As is probably obvious from that statement, the program did need to be run a fair few times as it kept crashing before finishing, however funnily enough it worked fine after adding the final sentence.
